fix text not corresponding to the code (#2478)
javascript-tutorial/en.javascript.info: 1-js/04-object-basics/07-optional-chaining/article.md

*/!*
```

> Here, in both lines we first use the dot notion `userAdmin.admin\userGuest.admin` to get `admin` property, because we assume the `userAdmin\userGuest` object must exist, so it's safe read from it.

Reviewer: A suggestion:

```suggestion
Here, in both lines we first use the dot notation (`userAdmin.admin`) to get `admin` property, because we assume  `userAdmin` and `userGuest` objects must exist, so it's safe to read from it.
```

Reviewer: We are mentioning `userAdmin.admin` after "dot notation" to remind users what dot notation is. So there is no need to mention `userGuest`.
